THE K2
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
THE K2
This is the second meeting I mentioned.
Shoot her.
Shoot.
Shoot her!
Help me!
Please help me!
Get me out of here!
Shoot her!
I said shoot her!
Shoot her now!
Kill her!
Shoot her! Kill her!
Shoot her! Hurry up and shoot!
Kill her!
I said kill her!
I guess there were...
others who wanted you dead. too.
Ms. Choi!
Lower your guns.
Lower them!
She's in danger.
Everyone. out.
Get a car ready.
Do as he says.
Get Ms. Choi's car.
You came back to kill me?
But unfortunately.
if you kill me.
you won't make it out of here alive.
I don't think you can afford
to worry about anyone else right now.
You should drop your gun
and beg for your life.
That's your best chance of survival.
I already have the trigger pulled halfway.
And...
the trigger on this Walther
is pretty sensitive.
Okay.
Turn the car around.
And step on it.
What's going on?
Ms. Choi's been taken hostage.
Pull over up there.
Sir?
You have any cigarettes?
What are you doing?
I just sent an email.
And attached to it
is a recording of everything
you said and did here
on video.
To the media. Prosecutor's Office.
and the Blue House.
But don't be too sad.
I scheduled it
to go out automatically after 24 hours.
So...
Leave me and the people around me...
alone.
If I end up dying.
no one will be able to delay it.
So all you have to do
is pray that I'm safe and sound
every day.
See this?
-No!
I want you to go outside and tell them.
If your security does something foolish
and has me killed.
you'd be in trouble.
Chief Ju. isn't it your job to protect me?
-Yes. sir.
-So...
if you take me home now.
I'll be in danger.
Won't I?
I'm heading there
to keep the promise I made you.
What? Promise?
Right now.
Anna is at your house.
What are you doing? Step on it!
EPISODE 3
Gosh. Ms. Choi!
Good evening.
Hello. Thank you for your hard work.
Please. don't mention it.
A motorbike thief's causing
a ruckus on this quiet street.
Ms. Choi is going to drive herself?
-Hurry up!
-Yes. ma'am.
I underestimated you.
Or rather.
you paid too much attention to me.
I didn't even care
about your husband's affair.
And I didn't care if you cared or not.
Fine.
I'll admit my mistake.
Then. shall we start negotiating?
Negotiating?
Name your price.
Sell my email?
Everything in this world has a price.
Okay.
The email probably costs
as much as my life.
Because if I hand it over. I'll die.
Give me a figure.
I'll double it.
Then...
what's your price?
If I asked your husband
to choose between selling
you or the email. which would he choose?
Would he give up the presidency for you
or sell you for the presidency?
What? Not confident he'd choose you?
Are you worth less than the email?
Your people don't listen.
Mr. Kim!
I'm sorry. sir.
We failed to protect Ms. Choi.
Damn it. Where's Anna?
She's safe. sir.
Where is she now?
Should I get Miss Anna for you?
No. it's all right.
I need to get some rest.
I'm tired.
Of course. sir.
Hey. can you slow down?
It's not me.
Something's wrong.
The brakes won't work!
They hacked the car.
I guess there were others
who wanted you dead. too.
What? Who?
Them.
Who are they?
-"They"?
-A motorcycle's chasing her.
A motorcycle?
It's no use. It's bulletproof.
The intersection's ahead!
Now's the time.
Move over to the passenger seat.
She's going too fast. Something's off.
They saw us. Drive faster!
Don't lose them.
They're switching spots.
What? Ms. Choi and the hostage taker?
-The motorcycle's still on them?
-Yes.
Who the hell are they?
What. aren't they a team?
A team wouldn't work together this way.
There's a sharp turn in 5 kilometers.
A perfect set up for an accident.
Damn it.
What are you doing?
I can't slow down but I can speed up.
Are you mad? Why would you speed up?
Their remote only works within 20 meters.
That's why they're following so close.
We need to distance ourselves.
so they lose control.
Her car's going even faster.
What should we do?
What do you think?
Hurry up!
We can't lose her!
They're speeding up?
But there's a sharp turn ahead.
Keep pressing until the window rolls down.
We can't lose them!
We're going to lose them!
-Go faster!
-Yes. ma'am.
Okay.
Watch out.
Ms. Kim.
Shots were fired from inside the car.
What? At Ms. Choi?
No. they were shot out the window.
Ms. Choi is safe.
Out the window?
The motorbike.
Handle the motorbike now!
Your agents are finally starting
to use their heads.
A little late though.
Kill them.
My goodness! What in the world?
-Fire!
Hey!
Ms. Kim.
Hey. wake up!
Hey.
Wake up!
Hey!
Ms. Kim! Are you all right?
Where's Ms. Choi?
No!
Ms. Kim. it's too late.
It'll explode.
Cut the nonsense! Go save her now!
No! Stay back!
It's dangerous!
Let go! Move!
-No!
-Let go!
-Ms. Kim!
-Ms. Choi?
-Ms. Choi!
He's alive. What should we do?
Take him to the infirmary.
-Prepare to question him.
-Yes. ma'am.
Hospital.
Ms. Choi?
To the hospital.
Yes. ma'am. We'll take you there soon.
No.
Take him to the hospital.
What?
We can't...
we can't let him die.
Yes. I know.
No. you don't.
Do you think the sunset
would look even more beautiful in Heaven?
Heaven?
Does such a thing exist?
There's no war in Heaven.
So Korea will be like Heaven too.
Well. it could be like Heaven to some...
or the opposite to others.
And there's 2NE1 in Korea.
That's why it's Heaven.
Who's the best?
What? Did I say it wrong again?
No.
For someone who's never been.
your Korean's pretty good.
You're a genius. Rania.
Well. as a Korean language major.
I'm the best
That's good.
-Rania.
-Yeah?
So...
Actually...
I think I have to go back to Korea.
I won't be able...
to work here anymore.
I know.
You can't help it.
Then. when are you going back?
Want to come with me?
What?
Here.
I mean. if we get wed.
I heard you could get a passport. too.
Wed?
What that means is...
So it means...
getting married.
It was too hard to get a ring around here.
Here's this for now...
But don't get me wrong.
It's just for legal purposes.
I wanted to get you out of here.
What's wrong?
Why are you suddenly crying?
I'm not going to...
I mean. you can go with me to Korea.
and if you
really hate it. then...
you can go wherever you want. too.
Yes.
Let's get married.
Don't get any silly ideas.
Please don't.
Hey. I told you we're police!
I know.
This is ridiculous.
It's chaos right now.
People think it was terrorism.
And the person in there
is a victim and a key witness.
You're obstructing justice right now!
We know nothing about that.
He needs bed rest until he's stable.
Doctor's orders.
But if you insist. go get a warrant.
Got it?
You've got to be kidding.
Who are you guys?
I want to speak to the head of security.
And...
Go and speak with them yourself.
We're not associated with them.
For crying out loud.
It's getting harder and harder
to be the police in this country.
Hey.
Hey!
-Come on. let's go.
-What?
Sir.
We can't just leave.
They're right.
We should do it by the book.
Still...
Who in the world are they?
JSS Security Service.
A security company?
But that's a duty
we should be in charge of.
Those arrogant...
Hey. come here.
I said come over here.
Hey. the president of that company
is the former Police Commissioner.
And the former Prosecutor General
is an advisor.
-Prosecutor General?
-Get it?
They're not bodyguards
for some K-pop stars.
You have no idea.
Where's the exit?
Wait. sir.
As you can see in this clip.
Choi Yoo-jin.
wife of Assemblyman Jang Se-joon.
was taken by ambulance
to a hospital last night.
Assemblyman Kim. what's your take on this?
Well.
there's no other way to put it.
This is a clear act of terrorism.
I mean. Korea is an advanced OECD country.
How could such pathetic.
barbaric. and uncivilized act
of political terrorism happen here?
It's deplorable.
But at this point. wouldn't it be hard
to clearly label it
as political terrorism?
Isn't this clear enough evidence?
Think about it.
To make it seem like an accident.
using highly advanced technology
to hack vehicles
to commit an act of terror
is enough to say
that such a sophisticated crime
couldn't have been perpetrated
by one person.
-That's what I mean.
-Yes. I suppose.
Still. we have to wait
for the investigation
of the deceased suspects
to find out what the real motivation was.
Yes.
Of course. But...
In all crimes. isn't the primary suspect
the individual or organization
that receives the resulting benefit
from the crime itself?
Assemblyman Kim. what you're saying
does have some merit. especially now.
Having said that.
what you stated just now
could potentially be
a very dangerous statement.
So I mean. what I'm saying is.
that could be the case.
It's not like I said
that this was committed
by Jang Se-joon's opponents.
And the individual or organization
who'd benefit from this crime...
My. he's a funny man.
He's flat-out said Park Gwan-su did it.
Was that your instruction. Ms. Kim?
No. he did that himself.
Call him after to thank him.
Tell him to visit once I'm discharged.
There's no need for that.
Given all that we do for him.
it's the least he could do for us.
Sir.
Ma'am.
Did you have a restful evening?
Yes. with your help.
Thank you.
Please don't mention it.
It's simply an honor
that you've chosen our hospital.
No matter the time. I am at your service.
Right.
How's the man who was brought in with me?
The bodyguard?
We treated his fractured left thumb.
He's received a few stitches.
but the CT scan indicated no issues.
It seems he has
a very strong physical makeup.
so he will be fine.
I see. That's a relief.
It seems he's been trained very well.
If you'd been directly exposed
to that kind of shock.
it would have been disastrous.
Do you think he'll wake up by tonight?
Of course. He'll be up soon.
Well. I'll let you rest.
If there's anything I can do.
please call anytime.
Of course.
That bodyguard...
If he wakes up and talks nonsense.
won't it be a problem?
I really am going to use him as an agent.
You think he'll accept?
Accept the job?
Well. I don't know.
Is that really important?
The most dangerous ones
should be kept the closest.
Like Anna.
I can't have Anna
be near you.
Sergeant Kim.
How've you been?
Why so surprised?
Lighten up. will you?
What's all this?
-Gosh.
-Sir!
It's all right.
These are useless anyway.
And can you wait outside?
What are you doing? I said wait outside.
Attacking the origin. Traps.
It was you. Lieutenant Colonel.
Hey. man.
I was discharged as colonel.
And I was discharged as a private.
I'm sorry. I had no power to prevent that.
It wasn't about power.
It just wasn't your goal.
I found that you need power
to achieve goals.
Yoo-jin!
Who did this to you?
Are you okay?
Can you have some manners
and knock when you visit next time?
Sorry.
You're here. too.
How have you been?
Same as always.
Are you okay? Did Park Gwan-su do this?
-I don't know.
-No. he did.
It's got him written all over it.
That asshole...
I just cursed.
How rude of me.
Chairman Choi.
If you want to seem refined.
shouldn't you address me
by my appropriate title?
I really don't want to do that.
It feels awkward and distant.
No way.
But it's not like
we're that close anyways.
Sir.
It's almost time. The film crew's here.
Really?
Well. then.
Enjoy your visit with your dear sister.
I should get going.
Good luck. Se-joon. You got this.
I got this.
Come here for a second.
Me?
What is it?
Closer.
You've been nursing your wife all night.
You should look the part.
You really are an amazing wife and mother.
But you don't have kids.
So scratch the mother part.
Stay one step behind me.
Sir. how is your wife?
Who do you think did this?
Have you spoken with Park Gwan-su?
Please. sir. Give us word.
You wanted a word?
Because of me.
my wife was brought to the brink of death.
and I looked after her all night.
So what could I possibly say?
All she does is care for others.
Frightened. while on painkillers
and sleeping pills.
she tossed and turned all night
as she struggled to sleep.
And all I could do was watch.
I'm a terrible husband.
What do you want me to say?
JANG SHARES HONEST THOUGHTS
They added background music
to a live broadcast?
-My wife...
-Wow.
has given up everything for me.
Despite being
an heiress to her family's fortune.
she gave up all of those privileges
to become the wife of a poor politician.
My wife has faced many hardships.
In my youth.
I was a such a selfish man.
I wanted to be a part
of the labor and democracy movements.
so I spent many nights in cold jail cells.
And I made her suffer through it.
Angered by the world.
all I did was act out.
And I did not see her reaching out for me.
Because of her family's wealth.
I couldn't accept her heart.
I was that foolish.
But my wife...
is a brave person.
She gave up everything she had...
And for someone with nothing like me.
she loved me.
Wow.
Se-joon's an amazing actor.
It's totally believable.
Because...
it's the truth.
I could not protect my innocent wife.
And I despised myself for that.
Am I even worthy enough
to share the burden
of 50 million people...
as that position calls for?
But even before that.
do I dare ask my wife.
who's still terrified
as she lies in bed.
to keep walking down this path
with me?
From this day forward.
all of my political activities
as a presidential candidate...
will cease.
What?
-What is he saying?
-What?
Are you saying
you're retiring from politics?
-No!
-You can't!
-You can't quit!
-No!
Instead.
I will now
take up a new fight.
I will fight against those who heinously
use terrorism against the opposition.
those who attack
our innocent wives and children.
and those who trample
on the socially vulnerable!
I will fight every single act
of terror in Korea!
As a politician.
I will do everything in my power
to fight evil!
This is more meaningful
than being president.
And it is something I can do
even if I'm not president.
-That's right!
Jang Se-joon!
-That is something I can do
-Jang Se-joon!
-even if I wasn't a politician.
-Jang for president!
This is something we all can do!
Jang for president!
And I will stand on your side.
-I will stand with all of you
-Jang for president!
and win this fight!
Jang for president!
-Yes!
-Jang for president!
Jang for president!
-He's good.
He's lost his conscience...
Jang for president!
But he has a way with people.
Yes. a rather shocking announcement.
Your thoughts. Assemblyman Kim?
It was very shocking.
He's willing to give up the presidency
for his beloved wife... Goodness.
Well. that remains to be seen.
But can we take this as him
pulling out of the presidential race?
What are you saying?
What Assemblyman Jang announced just now
is a declaration of war against violence
and corruption in society.
I guess?
But if he says he's quitting
because of these evils.
that would effectively mean
he's surrendering to them.
Those who committed this act of terror...
Excuse me.
For those who committed
this act of terror.
I'm saying that's what they want.
In my opinion. that can never happen.
I see.
And if by any chance.
Assemblyman Jang's wife. Ms. Choi.
is watching this broadcast.
I would like to tell her something.
And that is?
Stay strong.
And please allow Assemblyman Jang
to return to the people.
I implore you.
Right. We will take a commercial break.
Aren't you sucking up a bit too much?
Hey.
No. I'm not.
I have to do at least this much.
Today will be the turning point
in this election.
You'll see.
Jang for president!
-Jang Se-joon!
-Goodness.
Jang for president!
Get the car ready.
-To go where?
-Gosh.
It's only right
to visit her at the hospital.
-Pardon?
-Get my jacket.
Yes. sir.
Jang Se-joon. you rascal.
Here. It's a gift.
What is it?
"Kim Je-ha"?
Jeez. Am I JB Group's puppet now?
Just think of yourself
as a servant of an empire.
Don't worry. It's real.
He disappeared while serving abroad.
There are no issues.
I transferred your fingerprints
to that name.
Just don't apply
for a passport with that name.
Things overseas haven't been resolved yet.
Yoo-jin.
You might actually get elected.
Well. take care of yourself. I'm leaving.
But...
are JB Group's finances bad these days?
Why is the campaign talking about funding?
Oh. that.
People are watching.
We can't just make withdrawals.
Just wait.
Yours takes time because it has to
make its way from overseas.
-Right?
-Of course!
And here I thought...
maybe you didn't want to spend that money.
Of course. I do!
Once you're elected.
you'll pay me back many times over.
No?
See you.
-Hello. sir.
-Hello.
Wait. Why are you armed?
What? Are you arresting me?
Of course not.
After yesterday's incident.
special security measures
for dignitaries were just issued.
Gosh.
All this fuss.
Sir. will you be all right
in enemy territory?
Don't be ridiculous.
Is this camera rolling?
No. it's not.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
Rumor has it you were behind the attack.
Hey. Why won't anyone target me
with that kind of terrorism?
I can increase my ratings
and get some rest here.
Are you saying this incident
was fabricated by Jang's camp?
Jeez. This again?
Stop spinning stories. okay?
That's a terrible habit.
What. was that a bad joke?
What will you say to Jang?
No. no.
You see. I'm here to visit a patient.
This is very serious.
This should never happen.
I'll see you later. That's enough.
Later.
Goodness.
You must be devastated.
How could this happen?
Well. then.
A bodyguard?
Yeah. You did it before in Iraq.
Gosh. you'll get all kinds
of insurance despite this job crisis.
Since you have prior experience.
your pay will be high too.
Listen. sir.
I have no loyalties to anyone now.
Not to any country or organization.
Loyalty? What's that?
To hell with all that.
I don't need it either.
We just need to do as much as we're paid.
Then. how much do you get paid to do this?
You'll just be used and discarded later.
You know that.
We'll just discard them first then.
You're right. You've changed a lot.
It's the world that's changed.
JSS. the organization I work for.
is not just a security company.
In military terms.
it's a huge information hub.
Internally. you'll find
all of JB Group's trade secrets
and non-transaction details.
Externally.
through the JB Economic Institute.
we collect and monitor intel on the trends
and networks of the elites
in politics. economics. and the media.
These people are pretty powerful.
They'll make it to the Blue House.
Then. you can be pardoned.
Sir.
I'm just...
a defeated soldier. I'm tired.
And now.
I'm just useless.
Why? Because you can't kill anymore?
PTSD.
We got your background check
from Blackstone this morning.
Don't worry. Only I saw it.
Then. I destroyed it.
Our task force survived
after being sent to kill you.
And I found it strange.
If you knew all that.
then why do you want me to join so badly?
Hey. kid.
A bodyguard isn't a murderous mercenary.
You have the natural instincts
of the strongest attacker in battle.
Now. you'll sense the enemy's attacks
as our strongest defender.
And we know you won't hurt your boss now.
You have the best qualifications
to be a bodyguard.
I still have that email.
I think you're forgetting that.
Sergeant Kim.
Let's go to the Blue House.
We can make those shitty military elites
pay for what they did to us.
The Blue House?
Shitty military elites?
You know what?
I can barely even remember now
why I cursed this damn country
and swore to never come back.
And make people pay?
I can't be bothered.
It's just up until the elections.
Work for JSS until then.
Then. no one has to be on guard
or on the run.
I came back because I was tired.
I stopped caring a long time ago.
As long as I'm left alone.
no one else will get hurt.
I'll delete that email
after the elections.
Sergeant Kim.
Sergeant Kim!
How are you feeling?
Better. thanks to you.
PRESIDENT KIM JEONG-HUN
GET WELL SOON
I was thankful
that the presidential secretary came by.
Is that so?
Goodness.
The chief of staff
should've came in person.
-Goodness...
-It's all right.
They're busy people. And I'm just...
No. that's not right.
I'm sure he eats cheonggukjang
like us regular people do.
It's just not right. How thoughtless.
That man has a lot of integrity.
Why would he visit a nobody like me?
-Is that so?
-Of course.
Right. Now that I think of it.
you came by often
to have some of our cheonggukjang
when my father was alive.
And we don't serve it that much anymore.
It smells foul.
It was pretty delicious.
Looking back. your father was
quite an insightful man. wasn't he?
He could see far ahead into the future
and selected the current young chairman
as his successor.
Anyways. I wish you a speedy recovery.
I must get going.
I'm sorry I can't see you out.
Goodness. Please. don't be.
She's a bold bitch.
Very bold.
THE K2
Agent Kim Je-ha
will be joining our VIP team.
As long as Ms. Choi
is alive on this earth.
no one will ever come here.
It's not that he won't.
He can't come because of her.
There's a lot of cameras around.
How about a wave before we go?
You put the hound
in the cage with the other hounds.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org